For now, it's the reason I kinda want to keep this to a small group for now. 
It'd be a shame if some corporation, or worse, greedy maker of a freemium money magneting and unfair mobile game app exploited due to lack of protection/copyright laws. 


I want to find a way to legally protect my original ideas, even if the game itself isn't entirely mine. (and i don't want to protect the entire game, just MY original ideas.)





cue hyperfocusey/politcal stuff. It's still 100% serious though and I'm not standing for corporate BS and selfish greed, even if it means i have to challenge(respectfully and ethically) the law.






Anyways, I also will include in portfolio mode, and likely the entire game a forced mode to display all the appropriate credits I can/reasons why the makers of the copyrighted material deserve truly to be paid attention to by the players.
Or, if none of that is applicable, a means to just give credit in a earnest and fair way as a thanks for creating the content for me to use in the name of creativity and freedom of expression.



I will __NOT__ stand for my work and project being abused by technically and according the the big old book of law, legal entirely, but clearly and stupidly obviously unethical manhandling/abuse and manipulation of the lack of copyright on this. Sure, a corporation could use and manipulate their audience into believing I'm a nasty no gooder hypocryte--but who would believe that only ONE person would write all of that TRULY from their heart, and not a fear of their wallet gaining a few bucks less. I want to take on whoever the hell thinks they have the right to trample all over my original ideas(again keyword. MY. ORIGINAL....O R I G I N A L...***MY ___O-R-I-G-I-N-A-L___ IDEAS***) for their own greedy sake. Yes, this is a warning to anyone willing to manipulate my love for this game into their own gain. Yes, I understand that there is no corporation that couldn't force their own twisted way to gain my content if they really wanted it---such is the nature of human determination, and it would really connect the dots when I can finally explain later how and why I hate and don't stand for me or my thoughts and feelings being abused in any way. But this project, even it's final form will always be mine. Yes, copyrighted stuff in the game exists. But I feel any infringement should legally be backed up by transferring said copyright infringement penalties to any respective person where it is applicable. For instance if Mario is in my game and used in a unique way of MY OWN...and then someone took a carbon copy of that idea, I could legally transfer that penalty from Nintendo, and apply it to a threatening corporation. I don't know what the hell i'm saying right now. It's late as hell. I want to sleep. But that should convey at the very least that my determination and perseverance is infinite when it comes to something I love being abused. That includes, especially includes my own thoughts and ideas.

Hell, for now, while this IS 100% original, I think I will legally copyright it as much as safely possible. I'd rather avoid ANY conflict or risk at all.

Thank you for reading this much.
As usual, it means the world to me.
And especially if people start to flock all over this for some dumb reason...you can say you were one of the people I truly meant this towards. Cause I do.
i should prob sleep now lol